Add Semantic Kernel sample projects from build 2024 (#69)
dotnet/ai-samples: src/build-2024/docs/Exercise/01 Hello Semantic Kernel.md

﻿# Exercise - Hello Semantic Kernel
<!--TODo: Time to complelet the exercise should be included-->
Now we have an understanding of semantic kernel library and  chat completions,let's create a basic console application that uses them.

## Create the console application

1. Run the following command on `PowerShell` to create a new .NET application named **01 - Hello Semantic 
  Kernel**.

    ```shell

>     dotnet new console -n 01 - Hello Semantic Kernel

Reviewer: HelloBuild

>     dotnet new console -n 01 - Hello Semantic Kernel

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    dotnet new console -n 01 - HelloBuild
```

1. Add `using Microsoft.SemanticKernel;` to the top of Program.cs.

1. Add a compilation model name. To learn more about OpenAI model versions and their capabilities refer [this](https://platform.openai.com/docs/models/overview).

    ```csharp
    string openAIChatCompletionModelName = "gpt-3.5-turbo"; // this could be other models like "gpt-4o".
    ```

1. Initialize the kernel and add the OpenAI chat completion service to it

      ```csharp
      var kernel = Kernel.CreateBuilder()
          .AddOpenAIChatCompletion(openAIChatCompletionModelName, Environment.GetEnvironmentVariable("OPENAI_API_KEY"))
          .Build();
      ```

1. Receive the user's request and send it to the kernel to obtain a response from the LLM.

    ```Csharp
    // Basic chat
    // This is zero memory or stateless chat. The AI will not remember anything from the previous messages.
    while (true)
    {
        Console.Write("Q: ");
        Console.WriteLine(await kernel.InvokePromptAsync(Console.ReadLine()!));
    }
    ```

    - This loop continuously prompts the user for input, sends the input to the OpenAI model, and prints the AI's response.

> 1. Let's see what we have so far, you can run the application by entering `dotnet run` into the terminal. Experiment with a user prompt "Hi my name is Alice" and a follow-up question "what is my name?" you will get something similar output as shown below on console.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Let's see what we have so far, you can run the application by entering `dotnet run` into the terminal. Experiment with a user prompt "Hi my name is Alice" and a follow-up question "what is my name?" your output may vary, but it will be similar to what is shown below.
```

      ```console
      Q: Hi my name is Alice
      Hello Alice, pleased to meet you! How can I assist you today?
      Q: What is my name?
      I'm sorry, I cannot provide your name as I do not have that information. If you would like me to refer to you by a specific name during our conversation, please let me know.
      Q:
      ```

## Complete sample project

> [01 Hello Semantic Kernel](../../01%20-%20Hello%20Semantic%20Kernel).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can view the completed project in the [01 Hello Semantic Kernel](../../01%20-%20Hello%20Semantic%20Kernel) folder.
```
